bleach chapter 6 40 let's take a moment
before getting into the actual chapter
to look at the color page with a bunch
of different sternritter on it and think
about how many of them sucked or didn't
matter at all you know like Robert a
Cutrone some of those other randoms Kang
do he got taken out by you huh Bach is a
bg9 even on here what even was he was
like a robot that was never even
addressed what did his letters stand for
we never found out the Wynd what the
fuck was the point of him that person
standing next to the wine with pink hair
I don't even know who that is uh there's
Gremmie trying to hide because he's
ashamed of being an idiot so there you
go anyway so the chapter starts out with
his color page if somebody you being
born or something in like I remember
loving that name you gave me and I'm
like who the fuck is that at first I
thought is that per needa is it my Yuri
and those were my two thoughts
throughout the chapter because there's
too many people involved here then at
the end we find that it's nemu it's like
oh okay and this was an enjoyable
chapter it was pretty good I always want
more to happen in bleach chapters
because there's some series where you'll
have a fight going on and in one chapter
although every so many things that
happened in the fight and there are
things that happened in this fight in
this chapter it had some progress and it
was enjoyable I just still wanted more
and I'll get back to the memo stuff at
the end but for now we have the fight
and of course the thing is gonna burst
out of there when is there one time and
anything ever where swallowing the
opponent has worked I don't think so I
don't think I've ever seen good guys or
bad guys in anything swallow their
opponent whole and it's just over they
always bust their way out that's just
the rule may yuri maybe you shouldn't
have been doing all these experiments
all the time maybe should have just read
a book he probably would have come
across that situation at least one time
but this fucking baby that the panel
it's like zoomed in on its face and it's
all gross and then it starts busting out
and is all like oh this poor fucking
baby thing I hope magery dies just so
that his zanpakuto spirit can be free go
back to zanpakuto land and not have to
worry about if any more I feel bad for
it it is bus out of there
I flies out of its head it's fucking
gross okay all this shit has been gross
and then it's got its bow it reforms its
fingers and it's got five bows that it
can shoot with the nerves which is
pretty awesome like I'll have you
forgotten for new dequincy but I noticed
in the last chapter when I was the last
chapter that I did live reactions
whichever chapter I did a live reaction
to it might have been the last one where
I was reading for nitez dialogue and I
was like oh wow her dialogue was
actually dialogue I was complete
sentences my URI points that out too I
noticed it before he did what is up with
that or I at least drew attention to it
first and yeah i'm not sure what is up
with that cuz it was kind of going back
and forth because it was like that
before too unless it wasn't supposed to
be and that was like a translation thing
but i don't think so i don't see why
they would have translated it in
complete sentences if it wasn't supposed
to be but it seems to be going back and
forth so he's like is it realizing that
it's part of this whole king is it
evolving but it's going back and forth
so i don't know if it if it is like a
Quincy taken over by the left arm of the
soul King because he's like Bernie de
was always Quincy I don't know if it
might beat them like the two of them the
arm and the person struggling for
supremacy I don't really know but he's
totally convinced that he was always a
Quincy that might be like a mine problem
I don't know since Bernie de can regrow
its fingers can it just make like it
arms all the time like an army of arms
he could just cut off his fingers all of
them they'll just regrow just keep doing
that they'll all just form new hands new
arms all the time and by the way the
baby has no teeth to eat no teeth that's
just an extra little thing an extra
little fucked up weird thing which is
good into the being good because he
would have chewed it up and it would
have formed more arms but it's just
another fucking weird thing but when /
neato shoots the arrows it's pretty cool
because it can just fire with his nerves
and then the nerves like it doesn't even
have to hit him because it doesn't hit
my urea goes past him but the nerves
reach off of it and fucking splode his
arm not just his armor this time his arm
there's another arm lost in Bleach added
to the counter it's the left arm this
time so maybe he can replace his arm
with pronita everybody's like I'll
replace can pacis armed with / nitez
because apparently people can't tell
that it was kampachi his right arm but
there goes my Yuri's left arm so who
knows what the hell he'll do maybe
he'll put the left arm of the soul King
on himself I don't know but then the
arrows about to hit the ground and the
nerve stop it and turn it back around
and send it back towards him so that's
pretty cool I was hoping he can just get
hit again whether namu comes in and
saves the day so i am glad that the
table's turned on my yuri there was more
to pranita and he's got some more tricks
up his sleeve and he got the upper hand
here of her hand anyway but yeah nemu
comes in and saves him and she cuts off
her own arm I don't think it even showed
that it had started doing anything I
think she just did it as a precautionary
thing but my Yuri scolds her like don't
get in the way how dare you do something
when I didn't tell you to do it only do
things that I personally instruct you on
do not use your own reasoning and
judgment however oddly enough my Yuri
kinda maybe sorta shows a little caring
and compassion it's kind of actually the
weirdest thing in the chapter hello it's
weird cuz he says her name her full name
nammude e non ago and it's like this
super thick text like it's supposed to
be really important and then at the end
of the chapter it's like the secret
finally revealed what secret like what
what is it was that supposed to be a
shock that she's number 7 I don't think
that's a secret no one cared like it
does anybody does it change anybody's
perspective like all she's the seventh
one that's that was a secret I can't
believe it it's not a secret and it's
not shocking but it's just cool to see
me you react the way that he does he's
like there were apparently six before
her and she has been learning a lot
through all of the things that they've
been through together and she started to
act on her own now but he doesn't wanted
to do that because well it might he says
you know it would be a pain to teach the
next namu number eight everything that
you know since you've been around for so
long you've learned a lot to teach the
next one everything that you already
know would be a pain but there might be
a little bit of caring in there actually
personally caring for her but he doesn't
want her to act on her own because he
thinks he knows best so if she does
something without him telling her to it
could result in her getting killed which
it almost did if he hadn't grabbed
by the head and toss her out of there he
doesn't want to have to waste the time
teaching new one but I think there might
be a little personal care in there I
still want him to lose because he's just
so weird and creepy and overconfident he
always just has so much shit that I
don't want it to work this time I don't
want it to be the same as every other
fight of his I wanted to end differently
he doesn't even have to die I just
wanted to get his ass kicked more we had
some cool fighting not too much with
some good stuff with pronita turning the
tables and whatnot I'm curious what the
hell's going on with Bernita I'm curious
of my yuri if he really does care a
little bit or if he really was just I
don't want to waste time teaching the
next one it was just so weird how they
treated it like it was a huge deal like
okay she's the seventh one that's not
that wasn't a secret but whatever it's
not us it's not a row feel that's just
okay sure fine like I've ichigo was like
I actually have six toes on my left foot
is oh great it's not like it's not a
reveals not a secret but cool I guess
but it was an entertaining chapter so
let me know you thought of it down below
thank you for watching if you enjoyed
the video subscribe if you'd like to see
more checking my links down below if you
want to support me even further thank
you very much i'll see you guys next
time
you